# Blockchain-Proof_of_Authority


In order to start the network for the new cryptocurrency, you need to create a new network in the puppeth program. This way you can name your cryptocurrency, create a genesis block and choose a chain id on which the network will be on. You will also need a public address to prefund. After that, you will need to export the genesis on your home directory so you can add nodes. You will need to get out of the puppeth program to create the 2 nodes to mine the cryptocurrency in geth. One node to mine the cryptocurrency and the other to import the new chain segment. In order to do this, you use the command: "./geth account new --datadir nodename". This will create the node folder in your network directory. You do the same command for the second node network. Once the nodes are created, you will need to initialize geth into the nodes you just created by using the command: "./geth init yournetworkname.json --datadir node1". Now both nodes are ready to be used to help make the blockchain come to life. In order to launch the first node, you use the command: "./geth --datadir node1 --mine --minerthreads 1". "--mine" flag tells the node to mine new blocks and the "-minethreads" flag tells geth how many workers to use during mining. Now the node1 should be up and running. I need the enode address from the node1 command line so the second node can find the first node. In order to launch the second node, you will need to use this command: "./geth --datadir node2 --port 30304 --rpc --bootnodes "enode://<replace with node1 enode address>" --ipcdisable". You use the rpc (remote procedure call) which is is a protocol for requesting data and information from a program running on a third-party computer server. It is used to request information about account balances, block numbers and other data. Now after this commands runs, the second node should be importing block segments. Once this is created, you can go to the cryptowallet to check your balance by looking up the public address you prefunded. To do this, you will need to connect to the network you created in puppeth using the chain id number. Once this is connected, you will be able to access the wallet amount on the network. In order to send a transaction, you can send the crypto to one of the node addresses you created, a TX should take place in the command line and you will see in the cryptowallet the status of the TX. 
